Automatically get remote for Pkg.add(...) packages (#2232)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/lib/remote-links.md

The local directory is assumed to correspond to the root of the Git repository, and any subpath within that directory is then resolved to the corresponding path in the remote repository.
If there are nested `remotes` configured, Documenter will use the one that matches first as it walks up the directory tree from the original path.

> As the common case is a locally checked out Git repository cloned from GitHub, or a released package which is hosted on GitHub, Documenter will also try to determine such remotes automatically. This is done regardless whether any additional remotes have been specified with `remotes` or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the common cases are a locally checked out Git repository (added with `Pkg.develop` to the docs environment), or a released package which is hosted on GitHub (`Pkg.add`ed to the environment), Documenter will also try to determine such remotes automatically.
This is done regardless whether any additional remotes have been specified with `remotes` or not.
In both cases, the package must be hosted on GitHub for this to work automatically.
```

You can think of it as Documenter automatically populating `remotes` with any cloned GitHub repositories it finds.[^3]

> For released packages (those added using `Pkg.add(...)` rather than `Pkg.develop(...)`), the version and repository can be determined from the package metadata, but a commit hash is not readily available. In this case, Documenter will guess that a tag `v$VERSION` exists in the repository on GitHub. Note that these tags are created automatically by the widely used JuliaRegistries/TagBot action. Since this is sometimes not the case, and could cause dead or incorrect links, the `GitHubCheckExt` extension module is available for Julia 1.9 once the `GitHub` module is installed. You can use it to check the links as part of your documentation build. Note that this will make GitHub API requests and so could cause builds to fail due to network errors or GitHub downtime. Simply run `import Pkg; Pkg.add("GitHub")` and then modify `build.jl` to look like the following:

Reviewer: For cleaner diffs, I have started following a one line = one sentence structure in Markdown docs:

```suggestion
For released packages (those added using `Pkg.add(...)` rather than `Pkg.develop(...)`), the version and repository can be determined from the package metadata, but a commit hash is not readily available.
In this case, Documenter will guess that a tag `v$VERSION` exists in the repository on GitHub.
Note that these tags are created automatically by the widely used JuliaRegistries/TagBot action.
Since this is sometimes not the case, and could cause dead or incorrect links, the `GitHubCheckExt` extension module is available for Julia 1.9 once the `GitHub` module is installed.
You can use it to check the links as part of your documentation build.
Note that this will make GitHub API requests and so could cause builds to fail due to network errors or GitHub downtime.
Simply run `import Pkg; Pkg.add("GitHub")` and then modify `build.jl` to look like the following:
```
